you
Welcome to the weekly podcast for City Chapel at Slaughter Creek.
The world's okayest church, right here in Austin.
Get to know us better at CityChapelChurch.com
We're so glad that you joined us today and hope you enjoy the message.
You'll all be very, very happy to know that Harry has turned a corner and was asking for ice cream about half an hour ago.
So I think he's feeling just quite good. It's been pretty mild.
he tested positive for kova this morning.
and um i wouldn't have even thought of covid because he was just kind of looking like he had a cold.
But we just happen to have a test in the house and so
we did it and i was very surprised to see two lines more surprised than i ever was with any pregnancy test that i took so there you go.
but ah.
But I realised yesterday that I would probably be bringing the message today because Harry wasn't looking so crash-hot yesterday. so.
I prayed and God gave me a little message to share with you guys. So let me share it with you. So tomorrow we celebrate the birth of Jesus, the most important
Incredible influential person who has ever walked this earth
it's there
It's the celebration of their birth tomorrow and that's what we get to do.
And then
Yesterday as a flare as a
As the Fleming family,
We mourned the passing of Harry's uncle, Liz.
And he passed away yesterday.
It wasn't a surprise. His family knew it was coming.
And he was a believer, so we know where he is.
But as I was thinking about those two different things, morning,
The passing of Uncle Liz and looking forward to the celebration tomorrow.
Of the birthday of the most
Incredible person to walk the earth, I started thinking.
Now stick with me on this one that birth and death
are a little bit similar.
and i thought you know when we when we come to birth.
we have a time of preparation. most people, not all, obviously is that is that show that i didn't know i was pregnant, not sure i believe them, having been pregnant twice, it was quite obvious. but in.
But anyway, most people, when they have a baby, they have nine to ten months' preparation time to get ready.
for that baby. Mary knew she was going to have a baby before she conceived.
and she was told by the angel that that's what god was gonna do so she had a good ten months to prepare for that baby that was coming for baby jesus.
And some
People, when their loved ones pass on, are lucky enough to be able to be prepared for it and have some preparation time as we were with Uncle Les.
we knew that his body was soon going to be done with this earth and his spirit would be moving on to be with Jesus.
But even if we don't get that preparation time just before our death, all of us know that are living on the earth that we have,
have at the most.
43,800 days, I did the math, that's 120 years times 365 days. So that's a maximum amount of time that you have.
To prepare
For meeting your Lord.
And Uncle Liz did it well. He prepared well.
He spent his life serving Jesus.
and following after the Lord and then we know where he's gone
When he passes on from this.
Now both
Bury them death, they share pain.
Anybody who's given birth to a baby
Most of us would say there's pain and for Mary as she gave birth to baby Jesus there would have been pain involved.
In Bursingham.
Um,
A new baby doesn't come out of your body without
Some pain and in death,
And losing people that we love, there's pain as well. we have the pain of not seeing them every day anymore.
We have the pain of not getting to hear their voice.
We have the pain of having to say temporarily goodbye to them.
And um, and then I was thinking also that in birth and death,
They share the wonder.
If you've ever seen a brand new baby, you know the wonder of it all. I remember when Madam was first born and they laid her on my belly and I remember looking at her and thinking, "How
And how did she fit in there?
She is too big.
To have fit in there she already looked far too big
To have fit my tummy.
And I can't even imagine Mary's wonder.
as she looked at baby Jesus, knowing all that she knew about him, knowing that he had been a miracle, knowing that God had put him inside of her.
A side of her knowing that
what he would do.
That his name was saviour, messiah.
She must have looked in wonder and obviously we know that the shepherds
Came and looked in wonder and amazement, and went and told all of the people, and when the people heard they were amazed, that the wise men came and worshipped,
that they gave
It's that the angel saying there was a whole bunch of wonder. Yeah.
that went on with the birth of Jesus.
And,
For me, with Uncle Liz's passing,
there was a sense of wonder. as a family we found out a few days before he passed away that he was, he was getting near the end of his life here.
And I remember Harry and I were sitting in bed one night talking about it and saying,
Do you know that you know uncle liz is going to meet jesus in a couple of days he's going to be in paradise and we started thinking about
That knowledge, like imagine knowing.
Then in a couple of days you're going to be with your lord in a couple of days you're going to be free
From the pains of your body on this earth and you're going to be with
Him in in paradise, and that just blows my mind and creates such wonder.
Inside of me and um
I wanted to remind you as we
Come to come looking forward to tomorrow to celebrate his birth, what Jesus was sent for. I wanted to read to you from Isaiah sixty one.
that's the passage that Jesus read in the temple to show what he had been called to do on this earth.
And so the first verse talks about him bringing good tidings
To the make
And that of course means that you know Jesus came to tell us
that God loves us. He came to tell us that God will forgive us.
He came to tell us that you can have a new life.
He came to tell us that you can have victory. It's good news.
It's good news for the meek, for those that will accept.
The news
And the second verse he came to bind up
The broken houses,
You know that he can take the broken pieces
Of any life.
And put it back together again.
As long as that life is submitted to him and trusts him.
And says God, you're way not my way.
He came to proclaim liberty
To the captives
Did you know that you no longer have to be a servant to sin? you no longer have to serve
sin you can serve God instead that's what Jesus's life
Came to give us. that's what his death.
Gave us the ability
to
Jump off the lordship of sin and jump on to the lordship of God.
And he came to open prison doors. "You can be free."
You can be delivered.
Anything that is not of God does not need to stay in your life.
And he came to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord.
Now is the time that God will accept you.
There's going to be a time when you don't get to make that decision anymore.
But right now we can make that decision and you can live a life of
That is full of wonder
That probably has some pain in it.
And um, and prepare yourself for that time when you get to meet your Lord.
When you get to pass from this life onto the next
Anyway, that's my message to you beautiful people. I'm so sad that I'm missing the service. I love Christmas Eve service. I love singing carols with you all and getting to see you.
See you all and wish you a Merry Christmas. But I am wishing you a Merry Christmas in my heart.
and i give you kisses and hugs because i can because it's safe because i'm at home and i don't have covid, Harry does.
So,
I love you all have a wonderful night and I'll talk to you later. Bye.